But no matter how good your meaning is
Doesn't prove the fact that you lost a bet
Kneel down and kowtow to me
Shut up, hero
You are really brave
You not only question Shanshan's identity
How dare you make him kneel and kowtow to apologize to you
You really think I dare not touch you, do you?
Then try moving one.
This servant of Shenduluo said
Wait for him to prove his identity
Will destroy your Yang family
That's right, the Shendu Luo family cannot be humiliated
You immediately apologize to this lady
Shut up, you are just a slave of my Luo family
And I am the eldest lady of the Luo family
Why do you want me to apologize to him?
Say you are really a lady
Fortunately, this person doesn't know the real Miss Luo family
Ask everyone here
Who doesn't know that I am the eldest lady of the Luo family?
To you lowly servant
Why do you feel that the eldest lady is disrespectful?
Just don't retreat quickly
I'm sorry I don't know the eldest lady
Wait a minute.
Before you came
Did Du Chenghui tell you anything?
Du Chenghui just wanted to deliver the gift
Then listen to Miss Luo's instructions
I am the Miss Luo mentioned by Du Chenghui
And this pair of scissors
Not what he said, cutting the past